dates:: 2022-12-06

- I will let go off:
- I am grateful for:
- I will focus on:

- Three important action items today
	- Big:
	- Medium:
	- Small:

- Log

Here is a linkedin job that look interesting and I lose nothing by applying to it.
[https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?alertAction=viewjobs&currentJobId=3387828700&f_TPR=a1670206001-&f_WT=2&keywords=health coach&savedSearchId=1731374669&searchAlertRefId=0426a746-d268-4b97-8362-c3dfe281c577](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?alertAction=viewjobs&currentJobId=3387828700&f_TPR=a1670206001-&f_WT=2&keywords=health%20coach&savedSearchId=1731374669&searchAlertRefId=0426a746-d268-4b97-8362-c3dfe281c577) LinkedIn Job

I have a program to help you finally take care of your health. I sell it for $49, but I'm giving it away for FREE to anyone who wants to get started on their health today. Just like this tweet and comment with "health" and I will DM it to you. (follow me so I can DM you)

Case Study

1. Current situation: What key challenge or question are you up against?

I have been working as a self-employed health coach for 1 year- and I am severely feeling the struggle of entrepreneurship. 

Both financially and emotionally.

The ups and down of entrepreneurship are stressing me out so much. Especially compared to the stability of a monthly salary.

The question I'm exploring is:
-Should I stay the course, and continue to struggle with the ups and downs of entrepreneurship?
- Or it is time to take on a job?
	- As a trainer in a gym? 
	- Back to teaching at my former school?
	- At some other position that can support my wife and future family?

Back story:
- Masters degree in Theology
- Taught at university for 5 years
	- Very happy at this job
	- teacher's wage
	- But good colleagues and work environment.
- Long time partner - got married - top priority is my wife and the well being of my family
	- together we decided to move out of the city
	- As it is more adapted to our personality and disposition
- Plan to become a health coach
- PANDEMIC!
	- No gyms, no coaching
	- Went back to my teaching job, online because of the pandemic
- By Mar 2022, school was going back face 2 face.
- Could not go back-- too far.
- That's when I was fully thrown into health coaching.
	- I enjoy it a lot; 
	- I had some early success with family and friends
	- But I did not anticipate how challenging it would be to run my own business.
	- I am grateful to be learning a lot
	- But the emotional and financial stress is very real, unfamiliar, and distressing
- Today because of cost of living, and the instability of entrepreneurship
	- I am feeling the temptation to find a job that is more stable

-Should I stay the course, and continue to struggle with the ups and downs of entrepreneurship?
- Or it is time to take on a job?
	- As a trainer in a gym? 
	- Back to teaching at my former school?
	- At some other position that can support my family?

2.  Stakeholders: How might others view this situation?
- My wife- who is nothing but supportive and encouraging; her perspective is that I should keep on as an entrepreneur; because she knows me well enough to say that I would be unhappy as an employee
	- Feeling of guilt here
- My in-laws: specifically father in law, on whom I project some judgement and disappoint that I am unable to support his daugther
- My own parents: specifically my father, who is an entreprenuer himself and is more adapted to risk. I also project judgement from him. 
- Possible future children? Who we want to support well and provide with stability

3.  Intention: What future are you trying to create?
- We want to live a quiet life, away from the hustle and bustle of the city- preferably on a farm or homestead, whilst being able to take care of ourselves, raise a family, and contribute to our community. Being self-employed feels key to this freedom in my mind.
	
4.  Threshold: What do you need to let-go of – and what do you need to learn?
- Pride : In admitting that it is not working and taking on a job
- Fear : Of the uncertainty of entreprenuership 
- Resentment: Of a society where it is difficult to make a living, and the standards of living have gotten worse as decades pass

5.  Help: Where do you need input or help?
- Entrepreneur peers: for that kind of support and decision making
- People to share with or listen to:

- Scratchpad

- Wind Down
	- I am grateful for:
	- Today I spoke with:
	- Today I accomplished: