

### Why thinking about meaning and purpose makes you healthy

Someone shared this article with me how spirituality is linked with better health outcomes. 

Because I have a background in theology and physical health, it was nice to see these things put together

And while the study didn't surprise me, I also think this headline is misunderstood.

### This doesn't mean that you have to be a person of faith

Language like faith, spirituality and religion comes with all sorts of baggage. And it's hard to unpack it for everyone all at once.

But I believe that spirituality works as something that takes us out of own heads, and gets us to see the people and world around us.

Many spiritualities do a great job of making us aware of our connections. 

It can break up our thinking that can be anxious and self-focused. And when we're not focused on ourselves, we're able to be engage with the people and the world around us.

It's about making a positive and real connection. And that has real health benefits.

### This isn't new, and we've been learning about how other factors affect our health for a long time

Volunteering can make you feel less pain.

Eating with friends leads to losing weight

Seeing your loved ones often boosts your immune system

Somehow, we end up only focusing on our body- through exercise and diet.

But what if your doctor prescribed you 1 hour a week of volunteering at a local soup kitchen? Do you think you would do that for your health too?

Having a sense of meaning helps for our health and well-being.

When your health is struggling, having a sense of spirituality can get you out of negative thinking traps. It also helps us to cope with the ups and downs of health, because we can take a bigger picture.

### A quick question to get you started: Who do you have the most empathy for?

As a health coach, my spirituality leads me to ask the questions: 
- Who do I want to help the most? 
- Is there a group of people who are lost and struggling that I want to support? 
- How can I help those people? 
- Where do I want to focus my energy as a coach? (A bit more on that later)