dates:: 2022-11-17

- I will let go off:
- I am grateful for:
- I will focus on:

- Three important action items today
	- Big:
	- Medium:
	- Small:

- Log

For the meeting today.
Practice your pitch

Andy gave us homework
- Sell something for a non-trivial amount of money

**Did you get to do that?**
- How did it go?
- Where did you feel resistance?
- What objections came up in your mind?

**For the practice pitch:**
What is the context?
- who are you pitching to?
- Is it a gym? an individual? a company? a sports team? you rec center?

**Technical things**
- Result, Timeline, Mechanism, Price
- Have some milestones 
- Have a falsifiable result

- Scratchpad

- The mental side complicates the pitch
	- it complicates the pitch
	- Movement and safety - and do things in a variety of ways
		- You become more resilient
		- How you relate to it internally
	- Integrate things into your body - and integrate things into your body right now
- Unless they
	- They just wanna get back into the running
- Asking them more questions
	- Educating the customer
	- Get curious with the customer
- Getting right back into what it is they wanted to do
	- some kind of core belief
- Talk to physical therapists
- Do you want a chicken or an egg?
	- PT offices near me

Have a timer so that it's really clear

**CBT for injury recovery**

Movement Coaching and Health Mentoring

[Site Unreachable](https://www.precisionnutrition.com/intermittent-fasting/while-working-out)

- Wind Down
	- I am grateful for:
	- Today I spoke with:
	- Today I accomplished: