dates:: 2022-12-21

- I will let go off:
- I am grateful for:
- I will focus on:

- Three important action items today
	- Big:
	- Medium:
	- Small:

- Log

Case Study

1. Current situation: What key challenge or question are you up against?

I have been working as a self-employed health coach for 1 year- **and I am severely feeling the struggle of entrepreneurship.** 

**Both financially and emotionally.**

The ups and down of entrepreneurship are stressing me out so much. **Especially compared to the stability of a monthly salary.**

The question I'm exploring is:
**-Should I stay the course, and continue to navigate with the ups and downs of entrepreneurship?**
**- Or it is time to take on a more stable source of income?**
	- As a trainer in a gym? 
	- Back to teaching at my former school?
	- At some other position that can support my wife and future family?
- UPDATE: I have been offered a part time position at a remote fitness company (But the pay is lower than I feel is worth it)

Back story:
- Masters degree in Theology and Philosophy
- Taught at a local university for 5 years 
	- **Professionally, I have never been happier**
	- Very happy at this job
	- **teacher's wage**
	- But wonderful colleagues and work environment.
- In this context, it is relevant for you to know that I was also a health coach on the side (as a hobby)
	- I did it for friends and family
	- I helped at the varsity teams at the University (strength conditioning, and motivation coaching)
- In 2020, my long time partner - got married - top priority is my wife and the well being of my family
	- together we decided to move out of the city
	- As it is more adapted to our personality and disposition
- The plan then was to take my experience as as a health coach and build that career
- PANDEMIC!
	- No gyms, no coaching
	- Went back to my teaching job, online because of the pandemic
- By Jan 2022, school was going back face 2 face.
- Could not go back-- too far.
- That's when I was fully thrown into health coaching.
	- I enjoy it a lot; 
	- I had some early success with family and friends
	- But I did not anticipate how challenging it would be to run my own business.
	- I am grateful to be learning a lot
	- **But the emotional and financial stress is very real, unfamiliar, and sometimes overwhelming**
- Today because of cost of living, and the instability of entrepreneurship
	- I am feeling the temptation to find a job that is more stable
		- **Especially since I have been offered a part time position at a remote fitness company**
			- **As one of their online coaches (time for money - services)**

-Should I stay the course, and continue to struggle with the ups and downs of entrepreneurship?
- **Or it is time to take on a more stable paying job?**
	- As a trainer in a nearby gym? 
	- Dive more deeply into my part time job?
	- **Back to teaching at my former school?** (seems unlikely because of the distance)
	- Teaching at a new school in the area?
	- At some other position that can support my family?

2.  Stakeholders: How might others view this situation?
- My wife- who is nothing but supportive and encouraging; her perspective is that I should keep on as an entrepreneur; because she knows me well enough to say that I would be unhappy as an employee
	- Feeling of guilt here
- My in-laws: specifically father in law, on whom I project some judgement and disappoint that I am unable to support his daughter
- My own parents: specifically my father, who is an entreprenuer himself and is more adapted to risk. I also project judgement from him. 
- Possible future children? Who we want to support well and provide with stability

3.  Intention: What future are you trying to create?
- My wife and I want want to live a quiet life, away from the hustle and bustle of the city- our dream is to live on a farm or homestead, whilst being able to take care of ourselves, raise a family, and contribute to our community. Being self-employed feels key to this freedom in my mind.
	
4.  Threshold: What do you need to let-go of – and what do you need to learn?
- Fear : Of the uncertainty of entreprenuership 
- Pride : In admitting that it is not working and taking on a job
- Beliefs: Maybe beliefs about time vs money; what I'm worth and what my time is worth
- Resentment: Towards a society where it is difficult to make a living, and the standards of living have gotten worse as decades pass

5.  Help: Where do you need input or help?
- Not of course someone to make the decision for me;
	- But I appreciate the company of entrepreneur peers
		- They provide support / stories
		- Share their own challenges
- I appreciate having someone to talk to- 
	- it is challenging to talk to family and friends
	- They are too close to the situation
	- And I'm not looking for advice always (especially from family and friends)
- In the context of this group, to hear what you feel and experience beyond just the words I'm saying
	- Trying to tap into subconscious / unconscious emotions and channels of thinking

- Scratchpad

- Wind Down
	- I am grateful for:
	- Today I spoke with:
	- Today I accomplished: