Meeting today with [Brandonn Catabay](Notes/Brandonn%20Catabay.md)
- Some onboarding questions

Love the woodworing and gardening
Where are you based?
How was the flea market?

Not so much sports
But likes having a coach and an instructor

Handstands 
- Pole vaulting and handstands
- Gardening and woodworking

Bodyweight fitness and that kind of stuff
- simple stuff
Woodworking and getting into that kind of thing

Having a coach and looking for a trainer
- This kind of slow mindset

Like's having the programs
Like's tracking the progress
- Making adjustments based on that

Skateboarding
Running around
Jumping - Frisbee - 
Playing around all the time
Skateboarding - Monkeying around and stuff

Injury and lots of energy

Kids
- 5 years old
	- Moving around all the time

Handstand progress

What keeps you motivated
- Having a goal
- Breaking it down into the step by step
- Seeing the progressions 
- Likes a good challenge
Being at the edge at your skills
Progressions 

Runs a mile
- stay super active
- Do a circuit

- Questions to ask
	- What's your health story?
	- How'd you get to where you are today?
	- What's your life like?
	- Who do you live with?
	- Really nice long term goals
	- habits and preferences
		- Strength training?
		- Cardio?
		- Stretching / Yoga?
		- Gyms or solo?
		- Sports and games?
	- Diet and lifestyle
		- Food
		- Sleep
		- Community / Social
		- Busyness and stress
		- Energy
	- Injuries? Medical History? 

[Billy Broas](Billy%20Broas) and his idea of [Chain of Beliefs](Notes/Chain%20of%20Beliefs.md)