- Straw Bale Houses

**The Staw Bale House**

When we took a closer look to our room in the Agriturismo, we realized that it was a special kind of structure. When people build natural houses, they leave in a "truth window" where you can see what is between the walls. This place had this window which shows the straw bales inside the structure.

Pic

Because it's made of straw, the walls are thicker than modern homes. But in Italy, it works like a heat battery. During the day, the walls stay cool and protect you from the hot sun. Then during night, it slowly releases the day's heat back into the room.

This works well in a dry climate like Italy where the days are warm and the nights are cool.

But we wouldn't want to do exactly the same thing here in the Philippines. We don't have the problem of hot days and cool nights. Here it's hot + there's a lot of humidity.

It raises the question of what kind of natural, local materials can be used to make a more efficient home in the Philippines.


**Biolago or Natural Swimming Pools**

The other really cool feature at the agriturismo is their Biolago - or natural swimming pool 

In this pool, instead of filtering and cleaning a pool with chlorine, it uses plants and natural processes to filter the water instead. I didn't figure out what plants these were- but I'm sure if you tried to here you would need to use different plants anyway.

It would be a matter of figuring out what local plants would work in the same way to clean the water naturally.

I think it's another great way of showing what's possible for something like a swimming pool and how it can work.

Like a regular swimming pool, you'd still need to have a good understanding of how the system works and the different ways to troubleshoot a system. Like most natural solutions, you need to be observant, and creative to solve different problems that can arise.
