dates:: 2023-02-02

- I will let go off:
- I am grateful for:
- I will focus on:

- Three important action items today
	- Big:
	- Medium:
	- Small:

- Log

Case Study

1. Current situation: What key challenge or question are you up against?

I am still feeling the struggles of entrepreneurship -
both financially and emotionally.

The ups and down of entrepreneurship are stressing me out so much. 
Especially compared to the stability of a monthly salary that I was used to before this.

I feel like I can figure this out given time.
And I have enough savings to get to the end of this year (2024)

Earlier this month (at the start of the new year)
I was reached out to by a business coach, who made an offer to work 1-1 with me for 8 weeks. To help me focus my business and grow, but the cost is non-trivial and feels like a risk.

**The question I'm exploring is:
- Should I spend money to work with a business coach?
- Money that I feel like I cannot afford to spend right now?
- Or should I continue to trust my own work and put my head down and trust my work?

**My Back story:**
- Masters degree in Theology and Philosophy
- Taught at a local university for 5 years 
	- **Professionally, I have never been happier**
	- Very stable, good reputation, well respected
	- But wonderful colleagues and work environment.
	- Very happy at this job
	- **teacher's wage**
- In this context, it is relevant for you to know that I was also already health coach on the side (as a hobby)
	- I did it for friends and family
	- I helped at the varsity teams at the University (strength conditioning, and motivation coaching)
- In 2020, my long time partner - got married 
	- top priority is my wife and the well being of my family
	- together we decided to move out of the city
	- As it is more adapted to our personality and disposition
- The plan then was to take my experience as as a health coach and build that career
- PANDEMIC!
	- No gyms, no coaching
	- Went back to my teaching job, online because of the pandemic
- By Jan 2022, school was going back face 2 face.
- Could not go back to teaching-- too far.
- That's when I was fully thrown into health coaching.
	- I enjoy it a lot; 
	- I had some early success with family and friends
	- Naively, I did not realize how much of being a coach and freelancer is about running my own business
	- But I did not anticipate how challenging it would be to run my own business.
	- I am grateful to be learning a lot
	- But the emotional and financial stress is very real, unfamiliar, and sometimes overwhelming
	- And I don't have unlimited time to figure this out
- Right now, I am committed to being an entrepreneur (because I believe it is the path to freedom)
- Should I be willing to pay for this person's help?
	- *"Great! The 1:1 course runs eight weeks, includes daily accountability check-ins, an 80-page interactive workbook, a guarantee that you'll have at least one media asset that caters to your target audience and comes out to just $997. Does that work for you?"*

2.  Stakeholders: How might others view this situation?
- My wife- who is nothing but supportive and encouraging; her perspective is that I should keep on as an entrepreneur; because she knows me well enough to say that I would be unhappy as an employee
	- Feeling of guilt here
- My in-laws: specifically father in law, on whom I project some judgement and disappoint that I am unable to support his daughter
- My own parents: specifically my father, who is an entreprenuer himself and is more adapted to risk. I also project judgement from him. 
- My future child: Who we want to support well and provide with stability

3.  Intention: What future are you trying to create?
- My wife and I want want to live a quiet life, away from the hustle and bustle of the city- our ideal lifestyle is to work remotely, is to live on a farm or homestead, whilst being able to take care of ourselves, raise a family, and contribute to our community. Being self-employed feels key to this freedom in my mind.
	
4.  Threshold: What do you need to let-go of – and what do you need to learn?
- **Fear** : Of the uncertainty of entreprenuership 
- **Pride** : In admitting that it is not working and I need to reach out for more support
- **Beliefs**: Maybe beliefs about time vs money; what I'm worth and what my time is worth; Beliefs about what it takes to be successful
- **Resentment**: Towards a society where it is difficult to make a living, and the standards of living have gotten worse as decades pass

5.  Help: Where do you need input or help?
- Not of course someone to make the decision for me;
	- But I appreciate the company of entrepreneur peers
		- They provide support / stories
		- Share their own challenges
- I appreciate having someone to talk to- 
	- it is challenging to talk to family and friends
	- They are too close to the situation
	- And I'm not looking for advice always (especially from family and friends)
- **In the context of this group**, to hear what you feel and experience beyond just the words I'm saying
	- Trying to tap into subconscious / unconscious emotions and channels of thinking

- Scratchpad

- Wind Down
	- I am grateful for:
	- Today I spoke with:
	- Today I accomplished: